Welcome to Project Zero.
This is a quick project that gives you a chance to get your hands dirty,
writing code that controls a simulated car.
This project has three parts,
and in each part you'll write code to solve a particular driving situation.
In the first part,
you'll write code that let's a car successfully jump over a small grove of trees.
Now this isn't a common self-driving car problem,
but the real goal here is just to get you
used to the programming interface that you'll be working with.
In part two, you'll write code that let's a car navigate a circular track.
And in doing so, you'll be exploring
the relationship between steering angle and turning radius.
We won't get into the math now,
but later we'll dig into this math more
deeply and refer back to this part of the project when we do.
In the third part,
you'll write a function which actually performs a sequence of
steps to do something that a lot of human drivers really struggle to do,
parallel park a car.